- [horn blaring]
- [vehicles passing]
[Watson speaking indistinctly]
[Watson] Who are you?
I'm your worst nightmare
that's who I am.
[shouting] I'm talkin' to you!
That's who!
What? I don't give a damn!
You're violatin' the most basic
and sacred rights
of a small-business owner.
We're talkin' about a kid
who doesn't have means
to fight you.
I'm gonna bury you,
you motherfucker.
You threatenin' me?
Hey, do it to my face.
You got a pen?
We're at 75 Spring Street,
eighth floor.
Come on by. We validate.
Good talkin' to you, too,
Senator.
- Hey. Hey.
- What? Hey.
- Hey, I'm talkin' to you.
- Yeah.
Uh [clears throat]
I'm Richard.
I'm sorry I was listening.
I didn't mean to be rude.
I wasn't raised like that.
You always start
every sentence with "I"?
I'm [sighs]
I'm sorry, sir. I'm the new
I'm the supply room clerk.
- [exhales]
- Eavesdropping on me?
No, sir.
Well, good. I need some
more tape, so get on that.
Yeah, about that.
You're gonna wanna check
the second drawer down, sir.
Tape and a new box of pens.
I saw you were runnin' low.
What's that?
You might wanna check
the next drawer down.
The one on the bottom.
[drawer closes]
How'd you know I like Snickers?
Uh
I knew you liked them
'cause I saw
you had the wrappers
in your trash can.
[chuckles]
Don't go in my trash.
Nobody goes in my trash.
What's your name?
Richard Jewell.
From now on,
I'm gonna call you Radar.
Like fromM#A#S#H?
Get out.
[video game gun firing]
[video game beeping]
[indistinct chatter]
[video games playing]
[sighs]
Pretty tough crowd
you're runnin' with here.
Got a little nervous comin' in.
How you doin', sir?
Don't worry, all right.
I come here often.
[coins clinking]
Whoo. Nice shootin', Radar.
Thank you. This is
actually kind of like, uh...
Kind of like practice
for my future
in law enforcement.
APD, FBI, maybe Secret Service.
[Watson] What the hell
would you wanna do that for?
'Cause I believe
in protecting people, sir.
I study the penal code
every night.
Sounds like a humdinger
of a night.
- Yes!
- Oh.
Yeah, it's not bad.
You got some beginner's luck.
Yeah, what's wrong with 9,700?
Eh, nothing's wrong with it
for a first time.
First time?
All right, come on, let's go.
Oh. They only give me, like,
I gotta head back in a minute.
Shut up.
You can say you're with me.
Let's get it on.
- Oh, shoot. All right.
- [video game beeping]
- You ready?
- Yes, sir.
Let's see what you got, hotshot.
Yeah, I mean business, too.
- [Watson] Yeah?
- You ever do it with one hand?
Mr. Bryant?
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Sorry.
I'm a little busy.
Not a good time, so...
- Yeah...
- Talk later?
I know you're busy.
I just wanted to [clears throat]
[exhales]
come by to let you know,
I'm not gonna be
workin' here anymore.
Came to say bye.
Got a new job doin' security.
- Okay.
- So, that starts tomorrow.
All right. Hey, good to see you.
I wanted to give you something
before I leave.
Just to say thank you.
Hey, okay. Uh...
[clears throat] Thank you.
I noticed you were runnin' low.
All right.
Hey, come here.
- What?
- You got enough money?
Yeah, I guess so.
Why do you... Why do you ask?
This comes with a quid pro quo.
You know what that is?
Yes, sir. Quid pro quo
is Latin. "This for that."
That's right. Well, this comes
with a quid pro quo.
Fair exchange.
So, here's the deal.
When you get your badge
and I can see that day's comin',
don't become an asshole.
You got me?
No, sir, I won't
become an asshole.
A little power can turn a person
into a monster, Richard.
Don't do that.
Do you understand?
Yeah. Um...
Yeah, I'm gonna
get that back to you
the first paycheck I get, sir.
I'm gonna pay you back
[chuckles] with interest.
Okay. You do that.
[pen scratching on paper]
Thank you, Mr. Bryant.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Indistinct chatter]
[boys laughing loudly]
[boy 1] She said
that she played soccer.
So I was like,
"You wanna see me, what, balance
- "a frickin' beer on my foot?"
- [bottle shatters]
[boy 2] God, you dumb-ass.
[boy 1] I got flustered.
Get the door.
[Richard] Wait.
Nice try, hotshot.
It's that rent-a-cop.
[boy 1] Shit.
[whispering] Open the door.
Open the door.
Yes, officer?
I heard
a little noise complaint.
Thought I'd come
take a look around.
You're gonna need
a search warrant first.
Son, you're gonna have to
take your hands off me.
I'm just takin'
a little look-see.
Well, you're not even
a real cop, first of all,
and you're not allowed
to search a room
without a warrant.
- Boy!
- We pay rent. We pay rent.
It's like we live here, man.
Boy, this is my job.
I'm gonna have to have you
let me do my job, Curlicue.
[boy 1] And this is our room.
Yeah.
Are you aware of the notion
of unlawful search and seizure?
Asshole, you're not supposed
to just walk in here.
Keep pushin' me.
Keep testin' me.
See if you like
where it gets you.
Yeah?
You all right?
What did I say
freshman orientation week?
I said,
"No drinkin' on my campus."
I don't know why
no one called my attention
to your file before.
I mean, all these complaints
about you.
Physically assaulting a student.
And have you really been
pulling people over
on the highway?
Um... Yes, sir, I have.
I figured that if you do
the drunk tests on the road,
trouble never gets
to the campus.
We don't have any jurisdiction
on the highway.
And I realize that,
but I believe
in law and order, sir.
You can't have a country
without it.
Hmm. And you were dismissed
from the Habersham County
Sheriff's Office.
"I don't want any Mickey
-Mousin'
on these grounds."
Isn't that what you said?
When did I say that?
You said it at Founders' Day
last year, I believe.
You were by the punch bowl.
I walked up to you,
and you said to me...
Uh, uh...
Well, I had interrupted you.
I apologized,
I introduced myself,
and I said I was
gonna be the greatest
campus security guard
you ever had.
And you said, "That's good."
"I don't want any Mickey
-Mousin'
on this campus."
I think I might've
even wrote it down.
I write down most things.
I keep the important ones.
And I believe... Oh, yes, sir.
"I don't want any Mickey
-Mousin'
on these grounds."
Those are your words, sir.
So, I took it seriously,
and now, my question for you is,
what about these kids
in the dormitory,
drinkin' and all that?
What you gonna do about that?
We're just gonna let it slide?
Do you wanna resign,
or would it be better
if I fired you?
[gunshot]
So, I'm goin'
into this guy's office
and I think that
he's bringing me in there,
'cause he's gonna, you know,
give me some commendation
or a promotion or something.
Come to find out he brought me
in there to fire me.
Can you believe that?
Well, it was a shit job, anyway.
Hasslin' college brats.
Besides, there's gonna be
so much security work
the next couple months,
you're set.
Yeah, well,
I worked hard at that job.
Those kids
were just runnin' wild.
Olympics are coming, brother.
You can police
the whole damn world.
[firing continuously]
Celebrations at Centennial Park.
- Oh.
- Something finally happens
in this stupid city
and I get a fucking
Kenny Rogers concert.
It could be worse.
Could be equestrian.
I'm getting my tits done.
I don't see how
that applies here.
This time next year,
we're all gonna be
scrambling for jobs on TV.
What do you think, D cup?
Well, I'd miss you, Kathy,
but, I don't think they would.
[scoffs and laughs]
Ladies, I'm sorry
my hot-ass murders
keep knocking your boring
bullshit off the front page.
[chuckles] I'm so sorry.
You wanna get a drink?
I'd just slow you down.
[Kathy] Suit yourself.
Yeah, if you think
that's the best thing.
Great.
Uh-huh.
I get to go to Centennial Park.
[laughing]
Watson.
[sighs]
Yeah.
We're out of toner
and copy paper.
Um...
Okay.
If I go, you'll have
to answer the phones.
No, I'll go.
There's a sale at the mall.
It's 10% off,
if you name anyone
from the U.S. Olympic team.
Oh, joy.
I know.
People smiling for 16 days.
It's going to be awful for you.
[Watson] No, it's gonna
be wonderful for CNN,
Coca-Cola, and anybody
with a parking lot.
[Bobi] I can't believe it.
[reporter talking indistinctly
on tv]
It's really here.
Yeah, this is it, Mama.
I do this Olympics gig well
maybe someone might
make me a cop again.
[reporter on TV]
He, in a few days will try
to become the first man
to ever win Olympic gold...
[Bobi] Yeah, you just do
the best you can.
[Richard] Hey,
I might not move out
until after you've had
your surgery.
You might need me for something.
- What do you think?
- Oh...
You go on now.
We got plenty of time
to tend to that
after the games are over.
No heavy foot of yours
drivin' there.
No heavy foot.
No heavy foot. Yes, ma'am.
And why is that?
Because you'll kill me
if the insurance goes up?
That's right.
I'd have to kill you.
You'd have to kill me.
Hey, uh
it's still law enforcement,
ain't it?
Even if I'm just watching over
a bunch of stereo equipment
and whatnot?
Heck yeah.
You're still the good guy
wardin' off the bad guys,
aren't ya?
I'll see you later, Mother.
Come on down to the park
you get bored with yourself.
- [door opens]
- Have fun.
[door closes]
[children chattering
and laughing]
- [music playing]
- [crowd cheering]
[Bob Costas over speakers]
Muhammad Ali,
of course an Olympian,
as young Cassius Clay,
gold medal boxer, 1960,
the Games of Rome.
What a moment.
[crowd cheering]
[commentator]The opening
of the 1996 Centennial
Olympic Games in Atlanta.
[fireworks bursting]
[crowd cheering]
♪ On a warm summer's eve ♪
♪ On a train bound for nowhere ♪
- [synchronized clapping]
- ♪ I met up with the gambler ♪
♪ We were both
too tired to sleep ♪
♪ So we took turns a-starin' ♪
♪ Out the window
at the darkness ♪
♪ The boredom overtook us
And he began to speak ♪
♪ So I handed him my bottle ♪
♪ And he drank down
my last swallow ♪
[continues singing indistinctly]
Anywhere's fine. Thanks, man.
[straining] Yeah.
No trouble.
- You guys need anything else?
- No, thanks.
Y'all guys need anything,
give me a holler.
♪ You got to know
when to hold 'em ♪
[all singing along]
♪ Know when to fold 'em ♪
♪ Know when to walk away
Know when to run ♪
♪ You never count your money ♪
♪ When you're sittin'
at the table ♪
♪ There'll be time enough
for countin' ♪
♪ When the dealin's done ♪
- You're up close and personal.
- Yeah, I know.
[Richard] You see him?
He's right there.
[Bobi] I can't believe
it's Kenny Rogers!
[continues singing]
♪ Know when to fold 'em ♪
♪ Know when to walk away
And know when to run ♪
♪ You never count your money ♪
♪ When you're sittin'
at the table ♪
♪ There'll be time enough
for countin' ♪
[Kathy] Hey, Tom.
♪ When the dealin's done ♪
Well, well, well. Hello, Kathy.
Welcome to the happiest place
on earth.
- [chuckling]
- Fucking nightmare.
Isn't there anything crime-y
goin' on anywhere?
How would I know? I'm here.
[groans] Christ.
- You wanna dance?
- [chuckles]
I'd love to, but I am on duty.
Oh, fuck duty. Come on.
Might as well.
Excuse me, ma'am.
- You, uh, need some water?
- Huh?
Water. It's a warm night.
Are you just giving 'em away?
Yeah, I keep 'em in here
for police officers,
or when I see a pregnant woman.
[woman laughs]
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
- You have a good night.
- You, too.
All right.
[singing continues] ♪You got
to know when to hold 'em ♪
♪ Know when to fold 'em ♪
♪ Know when to walk away
And know when to run ♪
Excuse me, sorry.
[Mike] You got all these
athletes complaining about
getting to the venues late
on account of the traffic.
But what about the cops?
We can't get anywhere, either.
I had half a mind
to run my siren last night
just to get to the supermarket.
- [Richard] Mmm-hmm.
- So damn crowded.
[Bill] It's just poor planning
by the city.
There ain't
a one of them Jake-legs
got a damn clue
about traffic patterns.
- [Mike] Yeah. Yeah.
- What do you think, Richard?
Think the city's
a bunch of Jake-legs?
I don't know. I think, you know,
it's hard coordinating all this
and MARTA and all that.
I'm glad I don't have to do it.
- [Will] Come on.
- [laughter]
What?
It's tough,
doin' all the logistics,
and gettin' everything right.
You see that guy over there
with the ponytail?
Y'all ever seen him before?
- [Will] No.
- [man] Uh-uh.
Does his backpack
look funny to you?
[Will] Funny how? Hmm?
Now, I'm losin' him now.
I'll be back, guys.
[crowd cheering and applauding]
Excuse me, sir?
[man] Hey, man,
how about a cold one?
Oh! Hey, brother, thanks.
[cans opening]
Cheers, dude.
[crowd chanting] USA! USA! USA!
- ["Macarena" playing]
- [Kathy] Oh.
Yes!
Uh!
[all whoop]
- Jesus Christ.
- [laughing]
You forgot the move.
Oh, come on,
- why so grim, big guy?
- What the fuck is this?
Because I'm bored.
- It's boring.
- We're all bored.
These guys aren't bored.
I mean, this dance
is a real thing, huh?
[Kathy chuckles]
I just feel like I was made
for something better,
you know, than this?
Yeah, you think I wasn't?
[music continues]
[all whoop]
[all sing along]
[on TV]To have
a little more time to reflect.
I'm writing a book right now,
not about myself...
My, my, he sure is handsome.
You sure you don't want
a sandwich or anything?
[Richard sighs]
No, Mama, I'm not
feelin' well. It's my stomach.
Something you ate?
Yeah, I guess so.
I was in the bathroom
all morning.
Why you eat that fast food junk?
What is wrong, Richard?
I just look around this place
and I just think
the world owes you better
than this, Mama.
Shoot, the world owes us both.
This is what we got.
Go do your job, son.
[Richard sighs] Oh, God.
[exhales]
Okay, now.
- [upbeat music playing]
- [crowd cheering]
Yo, Atlanta!
How you feelin'?
You feelin' all right?
Say, "Yeah!"
Listen.
♪ I know a place, y'all ♪
♪ Ain't nobody cryin' ♪
[laughs]
This could be a good thing.
How's this a good thing?
Oh, we could bring you out
to the diving venue.
We could have you fart
the national anthem.
Do not make me laugh right now.
[groans]
Why don't you switch shifts
with someone? Go home.
This is my favorite band.
Jack Mack is your favorite band?
I'm not leavin'. I'm fine.
All right. [Laughing]
I'll be right back.
Go.
- [singing continues]
- [synchronized clapping]
[indistinct chatter]
- Look, Mom, I'm Kerri Strug.
- Do that again.
Nice. Who are you?
Dad, look, I'm Mitch Gaylord.
- Oh!
- That's awesome.
Come on, let's go
get some ice cream.
- Yeah.
- Okay, guys,
enough gymnastics.
[singing continues]
♪ Ain't nobody cryin' ♪
♪ Ain't nobody worried ♪
♪ Ain't no smilin' faces ♪
♪ No, no, no ♪
♪ Lyin' to the races ♪
♪ Come on, now
Lyin' to the races ♪
♪ I say now
[loud laughter]
Excuse me.
Y'all better stop
what you're doing.
Right now.
What's goin' on,
lard and in charge?
- [all laugh]
- This fuckin' guy!
Yeah, what are you gonna do,
cancel my phone service?
Yeah, let me tell you
somethin', hotshot.
The police, they're not gonna
ask you as nicely.
They see the drunk
and disorderly,
that's cuffs
and a night in the lockup.
- [all jeer]
- He's threatening us.
You're gonna have to
catch me first, lard-ass.
[laughter]
You think you're faster
than a cop car, son?
[boy] Yeah.
You think you're that fast,
roadrunner?
Yeah, I'm Michael Johnson, okay?
The fastest man on earth.
You wanna see my medals?
He's got medals.
He'll show 'em to you.
- I can show 'em to you.
- He'll prove it.
Dude, where are you going?
Oh, come on.
You just wait. You wait.
Yeah, yeah, bye-bye.
Who the fuck
left this monstrosity?
- It's like some...
- G.I. Joe.
It's heavy.
[boy 2] I think
we should take it.
[boy 3] Yes.
Excuse me.
Hey, guys.
We got some drunk guys
breakin' bottles
against the tower.
They're not listenin' to me.
Maybe they'll listen to you.
People respect the badge.
I think we should take it down
to the House of Blues
and see how much
we can get for it.
That's a clutch idea.
Hey, get away from there.
Go on! Get off it.
What you all doin'?
Go on, get outta here!
- Hey, you guys. See if...
- Go on. Run home to Mommy.
Hey, see if they left
a backpack under my bench.
- [beeps]
- Atlanta 911.
Can you understand me?
[on phone]Yes. Go ahead.
You defy the order
of the militia.
What?
I got another weird one.
[Bill] Well, it ain't theirs,
Richard.
I don't like this.
We got ourselves
a suspicious package.
We better call it in.
Probably just somebody run off
drunk and forgot they left it.
I still think
we ought to call it in.
Just take it
to lost and found, Richard.
Shouldn't we unzip it,
and see what's inside first?
No, no, you don't
wanna touch that.
You gotta follow protocol.
Son of a bitch had to get left
under your bench, didn't it?
We need assistance
on an unclaimed bag...
A suspicious package.
A suspicious package
over at section four.
We ought to set up
some kind of a perimeter, too.
- Just back away.
- [Will] Perimeter?
Richard, you crazy?
You know what?
I would rather be crazy
than wrong right now.
Shit, Richard.
It's just full of beer.
[singing continues]
♪ I'll take you there ♪
♪ Yo
Somebody help me now, y'all ♪
♪ I'll take you there ♪ - ♪
Break it down, - break it down ♪
Hey, guys, there's
a situation downstairs.
We're gonna have to
get you outta here.
What kinda situation?
Well, we're lookin'
at a suspicious package
in front of the tower.
Law enforcement is aware
and they're on the scene.
Well, if the cops tell us
we gotta go, we'll go.
I mean, the band's
in the middle of a set.
We can't just shut down.
Yeah, you know what,
if I have to come back here,
there's gonna be no questions
and no hesitation.
Hey, guys.
We got a bomb scare
in front of the tower.
You should be aware of that.
We get bomb threats
all the time in DC.
They're never anything.
Cool for you. I'm outta here.
You got anything?
[scoffs]
Local cop discovered yesterday
he's actually second cousins
with a Polish gymnast.
Is that a story?
Doesn't get me hard.
- Me, neither.
- [sighs]
You look nice.
Aw, thanks.
Do you have a lighter?
You know I don't smoke.
All right, I'm gonna go
find a lighter. I'll be back.
Those'll kill ya.
Well, gotta die of something.
Not today.
[singing continues]
Silver, still got
eleven people inside.
I made them aware of everything.
We're not evacuating just yet.
Listen, you know
this is a false alarm.
Okay? Calm down.
You gentlemen lookin'
for the package?
- Yeah. What have we got?
- Follow me.
Right down here. Excuse us,
excuse us, comin' through.
Excuse me.
- [beeps]
- Atlanta 911.
There's a bomb
in Centennial Park.
What?
You have 30 minutes.
[keyboard clacking]
Do you know the address
of Centennial Park?
[Richard] I'm gonna need you
to move forward.
Excuse me, folks. Excuse me,
if you could move in.
I need you boys
to get off the bench.
I'm gettin' tired, Mom.
- Guys, get up, please.
- Yeah, me, too.
I need you ladies
to move off that bench.
Come join us.
Let's get the last of these
pictures and we'll go home.
[girl] Okay.
[Richard] Move this way.
Right there. Right there.
I don't know how long
it's been there.
[singing continues indistinctly]
Oh, Lord.
They told us in training.
"You ever see the bomb guy
go pale, run."
We got three pipe bombs
in that bag.
Biggest I've ever seen.
We need to clear a 100-foot
perimeter immediately.
Y'all got a bomb blanket?
The Render-Safe team
can be here in 20 minutes.
[Bill] Richard
I'm never giving you shit
about anything ever again.
- All right, we need to move!
- All right, back up.
[Richard] Everybody back now.
[Zoeller] Everyone, start
moving forward, please!
Everybody, we need you
to help us out.
Away from the tower, please.
[Max] Move forward!
Folks, we're gonna need you
to help us secure a perimeter.
We need you to move forward,
please! Right now!
Smile.
[Richard] Please, move forward.
Move forward, please!
[Richard] These people
on the end,
please move forward
toward the stage.
Keep moving.
[camera shutter clicks]
I blinked. Take another one.
[indistinct chatter]
Left, right. Left, right.
[Bill] Move forward, please.
[Richard] Please, please,
everyone's fine.
[Will] Keep moving.
Go back. Keep moving.
Watch your step.
[Richard] We need your help
right now. Do not worry.
Keep it movin', please.
Ma'am, keep it moving.
Thank you.
Keep it moving. Thank you.
- This way. Come on.
- [officer] Nice and safe.
Be careful of that bench
right there.
Hey! We've gotta go right now!
We've got a bomb!
Get out right now!
Downstairs right now!
[officers continue directing]
[officer] Keep moving!
Everybody,
watch where you're stepping,
please. Be careful.
[Tom] Excuse me.
Guys, we have got to evacuate!
Hey! Are you listenin' to me?
We gotta evacuate the tower!
We have a bomb! Right now!
[Tom] A little closer
to the stage. Sorry.
Just come a little further away
from the tower, everybody.
Guys, we gotta go right now.
Come on.
We got a bomb!
You've gotta go now!
You afraid you're gonna miss
the Jack Mack concert?
Come on!
Get down there right now!
We got a bomb!
Come on, guys.
We gotta move!
Move, move, move!
Get the lead outta your pants!
Come on now!
[continues singing indistinctly]
[Richard shouting indistinctly]
Building's all clear.
You should get outta here,
Richard.
- Yeah, you, too.
- Go.
Guys, move away
from the tower! Come on,
- move away from the tower!
- [woman] We have to leave
the whole area?
What is happening?
Go toward the street!
Anything but here!
Are you kidding me?
We gotta move!
There's a bomb...
[explosion]
- [whooshing]
- [metal clanging]
[people screaming]
[Richard] You two all right?
Yeah, I think so.
[people clamoring]
[coughing]
[all screaming]
- [whimpering]
- Mom.
Come on, this way. Let's go.
[people clamoring]
- Come on, darling.
- [whimpering]
Let's go.
You run out.
Oh, God.
Hey, hey!
Hey. You all right?
How bad?
[weakly] I'm fine.
- I'm fine.
- All right.
You're gonna be all right,
brother.
Help's on the way. Don't move.
[man] Can we get some medical
over here, please?
[groaning]
Move them back!
There could be a second device!
Let's go. Keep it movin'!
[officer] Right now.
Several people down.
We need assistance.
- We need it right now!
- [sirens blaring]
[Tom] Keep moving.
Follow these arrows.
Keep moving.
[girl] Mom?
[clamoring continues]
[officer] A Team,
there was an explosion.
Send as many ambulances
as you have.
Hang on. I'm gonna need help.
This is homicide. It's ours.
This park is state property.
That makes it ours.
You guys can both get the fuck
out of here. This is ATF.
Actually, you can
all shut the fuck up,
'cause this is a federal crime.
That means
it's our jurisdiction.
The Federal Bureau
of Investigation.
So, if you wanna help,
get these injured people
taken care of
and keep the perimeter secure.
Help us find out who did this.
[indistinct
police radio chatter]
Hey, Mama, I guess I got
your message machine.
Uh, it's Richard.
I'm down here.
A bomb went off down here,
but I'm okay.
I just called to say when you
get up, just turn on the TV.
I love you.
[phone beeps]
[indistinct
police radio chatter]
- Hey.
- Hi.
Dear God
whoever did this,
please let us find him
before anybody else does.
And please, whoever he is,
let him be fucking interesting.
Amen.
[exhales]
[indistinct
police radio chatter]
[man] Are you Jewell?
Uh, yes... Yes, sir.
I'm Tim Barker,
AT&T Media Relations.
Did I hear this right?
You're the one
who discovered the bomb?
Yes, sir, I did.
That makes you a hero,
you know that?
I was just doin' my job, sir.
That's a nice thing to say,
Richard,
but, uh, we're getting requests
from a lot of people
who wanna talk to you.
Would that be okay?
CNN, Katie Couric, those types.
Your superior gave the okay.
I gotta tell ya,
there were a whole bunch
of folks clearing people out.
Police personnel, medics.
It wasn't just me.
You're the one
who spotted the package.
You're the one people wanna
hear from, okay?
Can we get you something
to drink, take care of you?
[sighs] I could use
a cup of coffee, if they're
- gonna make me speak on TV.
- Sure. Absolutely.
With us now is Richard Jewell,
the security guard
who first spotted
that knapsack
that contained the bomb,
and began clearing people away
before it exploded.
- Richard Jewell, welcome.
- [Richard]Thank you.
A lot of people
are calling you a hero.
Do you feel like one?
No, ma'am. I feel like, uh
I was a person that did the job
that I was supposed to do.
I was in the right place
at the right time
and used my training
in the way I was taught.
The real heroes are
the paramedics and the firemen,
and all the agents
that placed themselves
between, you know,
the bomb and the people
that were refusing to move,
because they took most
of the shrapnel themselves.
- Good for you, Radar.
- [Katie]You played a big role.
You were in the right place
at the right time
and you did the right thing.
[Richard]Thank you very much.
I really appreciate that.
[Katie]Thanks so much
for coming in.
[Richard]Thank you for
havin' me. I appreciate it.
And we'll be back with more
from Atlanta right after this.
My boy.
[sighs]
[officer] Find it.
That's it. Find it.
[dog sniffing]
Right here. We got one.
[indistinct chatter]
[Tim] How'd you feel
about that one, Richard?
[Richard] I think it went well.
Everybody was really nice.
Made me feel okay about it.
- Yeah. You were great.
- Good job, Richard.
Hey, thank you.
Hey, I had a question for y'all.
I worked with some guys
who got injured last night.
Um... Green, Silver, Miller.
You know if they made it out
all right?
Yeah. Word is all the cops are
gonna make a full recovery.
That's great.
Thank you very much.
[female officer] Thank you.
Richard, there's someone
I'd like you to meet.
This is Mr. Brenner
from Bernstein and Crane.
You know the company,
they publish books.
Uh, nice to meet you, sir.
Hello, Richard.
Pleasure to meet you.
I would like to talk to you
about your story.
Are you free?
[stammers]
- Am I free? Can I talk to him?
- Sure, sure.
All right.
Let's get a cup of coffee.
Better yet,
let's get somethin' to eat.
Uh, you're not gonna hear
a complaint
- out of me for that.
- [laughs]
Let's get you something good.
No, no, no.
I gotta go. I gotta go.
[Richard sighs]
Richard.
Oh, my Lord.
You're everywhere.
I mean, the phone has just
been ringing off the hook.
[scoffs] I need a secretary.
Yeah, I think I might need
a secretary, too.
Some guy from New York
just asked me if I wanna
write a book.
You don't mean it.
No, I'm not kidding you.
They tell me, apparently...
Oh, Lord.
Apparently, they got somebody
who they think up
all the stuff in the book,
they type it out
and then they just ask you
"yes or no," "true or false,"
"did it happen?"
Then they pay you.
You do that for money.
Oh, my God, you're a rock star.
Tom Brokaw was
even talking about you.
[stammers]
I can't even think right now.
Are you all right?
You've been up for so long.
Oh, my God, it was so horrible.
Mama, I'm sorry.
I didn't even hug you.
- It was so awful.
- I know, I was there.
Oh, my God.
Be thankful
that you weren't there.
You could have been there.
- I know.
- I couldn't have handled that.
You were there two nights ago
for Kenny Rogers.
Can you imagine
if you were there last night?
I know. Sit down, sit down.
You must be really hungry.
I'm gonna give you some food.
[Richard] Oh, my goodness.
Oh, Mama, I'm telling you
what, it was...
It was complete chaos, Mama.
And to think
I could've called in sick.
Think about how
I was feeling yesterday.
- I know.
- I could've called in sick.
I know.
- Then what?
- Oh, my Lord.
- [knock on door]
- [Bruce] Shaw.
- No, I gotta go.
- Doing okay?
No.
That bomb went off on my watch.
That's my fucking park.
We didn't have enough
eyeballs there. That's on us.
Let's just catch
the son of a bitch, yeah?
Yeah.
I need you to get out
to Habersham County.
Background on a former
sheriff's deputy.
Might have some connection
to the bombing.
Who is it?
The security guard.
[man] Hey, Richard!
[camera shutters clicking]
Hey, way to go, man.
You made us all real proud.
Thank you.
Dr. Cleere, we wanna thank you
for contacting the FBI
regarding your suspicions
about Richard Jewell.
I wanna be clear,
I haven't accused him
of anything.
We completely understand.
I just.
I see the attention
he's getting.
It's the kind of attention
he was always seeking here.
Harassing students, pulling
people over on the highway.
Just crazy behavior.
And I decided
if my fears were correct,
if he actually wasn't the hero
they're making him out to be,
and I had information
pertinent to the fact
which I failed to bring to light
it could jeopardize lives.
Well, Dr. Cleere, you did
the right thing in calling us.
We will, rest assured,
follow up on this.
Do you mind if we take
this folder with us?
Please.
We'll make a copy
and get you the original back.
Why is the goddamn ACOG
reopening that park?
We don't have shit!
Okay, I wanna hear
more about Jewell.
Patrick?
Well, when I look at Jewell
I think about the bomb scare
at the L.A. Olympics in '84.
A bag left on a bus
by the same cop
who then discovered it.
And the fires in Idaho
this summer,
started by a firefighter
who wanted the credit
for putting them out.
A profile emerges here.
The false hero.
In interviews,
Jewell's account
of the bombing seems vague
and he looks uncomfortable
discussing the victims.
I also found
that his mentioning on TV
that he wanted to get back
into law enforcement a bit
inappropriate.
There's a lot here
that's troubling.
And everything that Agent Shaw
has learned about him,
syncs up with this profile.
You agree with that, Tom?
Yes, sir, I do.
Let's put eyes on him.
- [Nadya] Watson?
- Yeah?
- Watson?
- Yeah.
You have a call on line one.
Is it Bill Gates
randomly wondering
if I need a million dollars?
If so, that's an affirmative.
It's Richard Jewell.
"Richard Jewell" Richard Jewell?
"Richard Jewell"
Richard Jewell, line one.
- Hello?
- Mr. Bryant.
Hey, uh,
I'm sorry to bother you.
I just got your number
from Information.
I hope you remember me.
Radar, you can call me Watson.
You're a national hero now.
I'm glad you called.
We're running out of Snickers.
Thank you, sir.
How are you? How's your family?
We're all fine, yeah.
I see you've moved up
from video games.
Yep, I didn't mean to,
but I guess I did.
Good job.
That's a prideful thing.
What can I do you for?
Oh, sir, I was calling you
because I wanted to know,
have you ever done a book deal?
[stammers] Why?
With this whole bomb thing,
I got these New York guys
who are asking me
to write a book
and I don't really know
anything about that,
so I thought
maybe I could call you,
you might be able to help me.
Sure. Sounds
a little far-fetched,
but contracts are contracts,
but yeah, we could talk.
So, are you not
the U.S. Small Business
Admin anymore?
'Cause I tried there first.
No, I moved on.
Oh. How come?
Lifestyle decision.
What's your phone number?
- My phone number is 404...
- 404
- 194...
- 194
- 8188.
All right, well,
you just don't sign anything
until I see it first.
We'll start there.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I won't put a pen
to the page. I'll wait on it.
Hey, and thank you, sir.
Thank you for your time.
You got it.
All right, bye.
- Stay in touch.
- Yes, sir.
- Okay.
- Bye.
No, no.
Don't get too excited.
- No.
- Yes.
No. Simmer down there,
hot sauce.
[Bobi] Well, Bill Miller.
It's nice to see you.
It's been a while.
It's nice to see you, Bobi.
Where's the hero?
Oh, he's in here. Come on in.
[Bill] What kind of charge
you figure it was?
[Richard] Hmm.
I'm not sure what kinda
explosive the guy used.
It could have been
black powder, match heads,
maybe some kinda chlorate
packed with nails.
You know, the funny thing is
the package was supposed
to blow out, right?
So, when those drunks,
those kids knocked it over,
they saved a bunch of lives.
Because it was supposed
to blow out
into a crowd
for maximum casualties.
But when they knocked it
on its back, it blew upward.
Most of the ordnance
going up into the sky.
It blew up, so...
All in all,
what you're looking at
is some kind of battery
and some kind of timing device,
like a simple clock.
Maybe a wristwatch
like I'm wearing.
Depends how high-tech
the guy got.
Some of these guys,
especially if they're
ex-military,
or they're some kind of whiz
outta some university,
they're gonna use a combination
of different bomb tactics.
Other people are following it
like a recipe.
They're probably
- losing a finger to it.
- [Bill] Yeah.
But depends on who
you're talking about
and who's making the bomb.
Well [sighs]
I like getting your opinion
on it,
and I'm sure
you've studied it quite a bit.
Who knows? I mean...
That's the thing, too,
about these bombers.
It could have been you or me.
These guys, some of them,
look like regular people.
Lot of them do.
Yeah.
[slow dance music playing
on speakers]
[indistinct chatter]
[Kathy sighs]
Must be a lot of pressure
on you guys.
No more so than usual.
Sure, just another... Thank you.
Just your average deadly bombing
on U.S. soil
during the Olympics.
No big deal.
I don't know, you guys must be
feeling the heat, too, huh?
[Kathy] Mmm-hmm.
CNN is going wall-to-wall
with this.
Is that why we get this
- outfit?
- [chuckles]
So, then give me something
I can print.
Kathy, you know I can't do that.
That's all right.
I already know
the Bureau's looking
into somebody.
Yeah, what makes you think that?
Friends.
- Friends?
- Sources.
Sources?
Who is it?
Well, Kathy, if you couldn't
fuck it out of them,
what makes you think
you're gonna fuck it outta me?
- [scoffing]
- Uh-huh.
You know what bothers me, Kathy,
is that people don't
understand how much work
goes into making
a case like this.
It's effort 24/7.
[Kathy] Hmm.
You're right.
Why don't you educate me?
I will not have this screwed up.
That was a massacre out there.
It's a miracle
more people weren't killed.
I would never go
to print without
independent corroboration
from a second source.
And that would put us
in a very different zone.
As you know.
- Really?
- Mmm-hmm.
What kind of zone?
You have to find out.
[sighs]
[softly] We're looking at
the security guard, Jewell.
- No shit?
- No shit.
You always look at the guy
who found the bomb just like
you always look at the guy
who found the body.
But this guy,
he's got a bad past.
Fits the profile
of the hero-bomber to a T.
That fat fuck who lives
with his mother. Of course.
How did I miss that?
I mean, that is amazing.
Oof.
You are good.
You're very good.
Yeah.
This kind of puts a clock
on things though.
You wanna get a room
or just go to my car?
This is happening.
Let's get the fuck outta here.
- [Kathy] Okay.
- Yeah.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [typewriter clacking]
Sugar, I need you to do
one of those better
word things you do.
You mean rewrite you?
Yeah, you know
I write like a brick,
and this one is kinda special.
What is it?
Oh, nothing.
It's just that the, um...
The FBI is looking
at Richard Jewell
as the bomber.
Do you have time for me now?
Oh, I got all the time you need.
- All right, let's work.
- Tell me everything.
Where you goin'?
To get my notes.
The security guard
who first alerted
police to the pipe bomb
that exploded in Centennial
Olympic Park
is the target
of the federal investigation
into the incident
that resulted in two deaths
and injured
more than one hundred.
Richard Jewell, 33,
a former
law enforcement officer,
fits the profile
of the lone bomber.
This profile generally includes
a frustrated white man who
is a former police officer,
member of the military,
or police wannabe
who seeks to become a hero.
Jewell has become a celebrity
in the wake of the bombing,
making appearances on
The Today Show."
FBI knows you have this?
Yeah, my guy says
everybody's got it.
Networks have it.
CNN has it.
Got a guy at GBI
says the same thing.
Bureau's looking at Jewell.
Then why isn't anyone
reporting it?
Anybody feel like
we're getting worked here?
God damn, John,
these are our Olympics.
If we don't lead on this story,
what the fuck are we doing here?
Okay.
Tear up the afternoon edition,
and replate the front page.
We're running it.
Thank you.
[announcer on TV]
This is CNN Breaking News.
We've been asked
to relay the story
to you verbatim, which we'll do.
"The security guard,"
and this is
a quote from
The Atlanta Journal,
"who first alerted police
to the pipe bomb"
that exploded
in Centennial Olympic Park,
"is the focus of
the federal investigation..."
Now, to recap quickly,
we are just getting details
on what appears to be
a major development...
[applause]
[laughing]
- [continues laughing]
- Congratulations.
Whoo!
[laughing]
Yeah!
Who the fuck leaked this
investigation to the AJC?
Huh? Shaw!
- Sir?
- Get Jewell in here.
Nonconfrontational interview,
today!
[sighs]
- [Tom sighs]
- [knock on door]
- Hello?
- Richard Jewell?
Yeah. I'm Richard.
Special Agents Dan Bennet,
Tom Shaw, FBI.
You got a minute?
Yeah, I got a minute.
Come on in.
[Tom] Thank you.
Ma'am.
[Richard] Um...
[stammers]
Mama, this is
Agent Bennet and Shaw.
This is my mother, Bobi.
- How do you do?
- Pleasure, ma'am.
[clears throat] Uh...
What can I do for y'all?
Well, the Bureau's
actually putting together
a training video
on how to deal
with suspicious packages,
and we'd love you
to be a part of it.
- How's that sound to you?
- [Richard] Uh
I would love
to help out with that,
yeah, absolutely.
You did it, Richard.
You showed them
what kinda cop you can be.
Look at this.
[Tom] See, the only thing is
that we're shooting it today.
So, we'd need you to
follow us to the field office
right now.
Because time's a little
bit tight. Is that okay?
You know what?
I would love to,
but I still gotta work today.
I got my shift.
Ah, this won't take long,
Richard.
[chuckles] Yeah,
you know what? Um
I bet we can make that work.
I can call in and tell 'em
I'm gonna be a little bit late.
I mean, I wanna help you all,
and I'm law enforcement, too.
- We know that. Yes, indeed.
- We know that.
[Richard] Yeah.
So, you're all set
to go then, huh?
- Yep. Yeah.
- [Tom] Great.
- Let's do it.
- Lovely to meet you, ma'am.
Thank you very much.
- [Bobi] Nice to meet you.
- [Dan] Lovely home.
[door opens]
I don't know what's going on.
I'm so proud of you.
Oh, goodness.
[female reporter] Mr. Jewell,
why are the FBI here?
[male reporter] Mr. Jewell,
what have they told you?
Are they letting you
go back to work?
Uh, yeah.
They're letting you go
to work? You're good to go?
Yeah.
Are the FBI investigating you?
Uh, I imagine
they'll investigate anyone
who was at the park that night.
That includes all of you, too.
[reporter] Have they told you
yet you can't leave town?
[Richard] No.
[female reporter] Mr. Jewell,
are you under arrest?
[male reporter] You're free
to go wherever you like?
You're free to go
wherever you'd like, Richard?
- Who are you working with?
- What happened out there?
What do you think
of the appearance that
people are saying that you are
now the prime suspect?
What's going on, Richard?
I'm not a suspect.
[female reporter] Why are you
talking to the FBI?
Mr. Jewell, what does
the FBI want with you?
Can you give us
any more information?
Sorry, I think I got
some media following me.
No. Those are our guys, bud.
Those are our guys.
"Richard Jewell, 33,
a former
law enforcement officer,"
the story goes on to say,
"fits the profile
of the lone bomber."
This profile generally includes
a frustrated white man who
is a former police officer,
member of the military,
or police wannabe
who seeks to become a hero.
The security guard who first
alerted police to the pipe bomb
"that exploded
in Centennial Olympic Park."
[Tom] So, up until
it obviously went sideways,
everything pretty normal
about that evening, right?
No, it was a regular night
from what I could tell.
Everyone was having
a great time.
It was like a celebration.
[Tom] Yeah. No air of...
Yeah, you were having fun.
I was having fun.
It was a good time.
But there was, uh, some guys
with beer cans
or something like that?
Guys behind the tower.
What were they doing there?
They were throwing...
- Beer bottles.
- Beer bottles. Yeah.
They were horsing around,
fooling.
I broke it up
and I gave 'em a talking-to,
and they left. Yep.
[Dan] And that was
behind the tower?
- Yes, sir.
- Right.
So then you came back
around the tower
and that's where you saw
the package unattended?
- Yes, sir.
- [Tom] Right.
[Dan] And did you see anyone
walking away from the bench?
No, sir. I would've
tailed them if I did.
Yeah.
So, you have no idea who might
have put that package there?
No, sir.
But whoever did,
I think they ought to fry.
Oh. Yeah. We think so,
too, Richard.
Absolutely.
So, here's what we're gonna do.
We're trying to be
as authentic as possible
and part of that has to do
with how you treat a suspect.
All right? So,
what we're gonna do is
we're gonna pretend
that we actually brought
you in, in that regard.
- Right?
- That...
And we read you
your Miranda rights
and you've agreed to waive them.
In fact, we have
a form you can sign.
[Dan] Yeah. Why don't you...?
This'll be good.
Just so it looks real.
Yeah. So, you just sign
the bottom there
and we'll get that on tape
and then we'll continue on
with the interview.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, Richard,
maybe I wasn't clear.
You actually have to
physically sign the paper.
- This is a real document.
- [Dan] Well...
Of course. We're going for
authenticity here, Richard.
It has to be real for the video.
I'm sorry, sir. I don't
I don't think
I would feel comfortable
signing something like this.
Richard, we just want...
You know what? Why don't we
take a quick break?
- Go ahead and stop the camera.
- Okay.
Um...
- Yeah. Okay.
- We'll just talk for a second.
- We'll be right back.
- [Dan] Right back.
I was a sheriff deputy.
Habersham County.
All right, Richard,
we're gonna pretend like
none of that ever happened.
Let's get a new tape going.
Okay?
- Uh...
- [tape whirring]
What we're gonna do now...
There you go. I got it.
Get her out there
and we'll throw it away.
What we're gonna do now is.
Agent Bennet's gonna
come back in the room,
he's gonna reintroduce himself,
show you his credentials just
like a professional interview
and then we're gonna
actually read you
your Miranda rights.
Why would he do that?
[Tom] Well, to make it
more authentic, Richard.
We want this to look
as authentic as possible.
Come on in, Agent Bennet.
Mr. Jewell...
Special Agent Dan Bennet, FBI.
You have the right to
I'm sorry. I think... I'm sorry.
I think maybe I should
contact my attorney.
[Richard clears throat]
Now, why would you
wanna do that, Richard?
I mean...
You're the hero, right?
Unless there's something
you wanna tell us.
No. But I just
think I better call him.
Okay.
[sighs deeply]
Here you go.
Press nine.
Yes, hello, I'm calling
Information to get a hold...
The name is Watson Bryant.
He's a lawyer.
Thank you. Yeah, connect me.
I'm getting his message machine.
So, I'm gonna leave
a message for him.
[Tom] Go ahead. Leave a message
and that'll be...
This... [sighs] This is Watson.
Watson Bryant,
this is Richard Jewell
calling in regards to, um,
something somewhat serious.
I would like you
to call me back.
I'm at the FBI office
in Atlanta.
If you could call me back
at your earliest convenience.
- Thank you. Bye.
- [line disconnects]
[groans]
You can't leave your phone off.
I have to be able to reach you.
What's wrong?
You need more toner?
- He called three times.
- Who? Who called?
Who? Richard.
Three times from
the FBI interrogation room.
All right, all right,
all right, slow down.
Jesus Christ.
[grunts] Am I the only lawyer
this guy knows?
Yes.
The paper says...
Paper says the Bureau has him
dead to rights.
Where I come from,
when the government says
someone's guilty,
it's how you know
they're innocent.
It's different here?
I don't know. Looks pretty bad.
I don't care.
We'll get three or four cases
as juicy as this tomorrow,
and you have so much else to do.
All right, all right, all right.
Connect me with the field
office, would you, Nadya?
Right away.
Thank you.
Unless you're too busy.
Don't you have any work to do?
I have nothing else to do, no.
Yes, this is Watson Bryant,
attorney for Richard Jewell.
I'd like to speak
to my client, please.
[FBI operator]I'm sorry, sir,
but we have no one here
by that name.
Yeah, you do, actually.
Put me on the phone
with my client now.
Please call back later, sir.
Maybe we'll have
more information.
[line disconnects]
Dial that number again,
would you?
Yeah, this is
Watson Bryant again,
attorney for Richard Jewell.
My next call is gonna be to
Mike Wallace of60 Minutes
to ask him why the FBI
would deny a citizen
his constitutional right
to legal counsel.
Can I have the spelling
of your name, please?
Got a call for you.
[Richard]Hello?
Richard, [sighs] it's Watson.
What are you doing in there?
They said they needed me
for a training film.
No, they don't need you for...
You're a suspect.
Have you read the newspapers?
Have you signed anything?
Have you confessed to anything?
No, of course not.
I didn't do this.
All right, listen to me.
Listen to me real carefully.
Just don't say anything
to anyone.
You understand me?
Get your ass outta there.
Let me talk
to the agent in charge.
He wants to talk to you.
[Tom]This is Agent Shaw.
This interrogation's over.
Not another word, you hear me?
He's been cooperating fully.
Hey, did I stutter?
No more questions!
Get his ass outta there,
you hear me?
Okay. Well, have a nice...
[line disconnects]
He hung up on me.
You have a very loud lawyer.
Congratulations.
[reporters clamoring]
[camera shutters clicking]
Were you charged?
[clamoring continues]
Did you do it?
Did you set that bomb?
Richard, what did
the FBI say to you?
[male reporter] Richard,
what did they say?
[female reporter] What did
the FBI say to you, Richard?
[male reporter]
Did the FBI charge you?
[female reporter] Did you set
that bomb, Richard?
What can you tell us
about the FBI interview?
Richard, what did the FBI
say to you? Just tell us.
[reporter on TV]
We're having some trouble
connecting to Blaine Scott.
We hope to have more
from him later.
[phone ringing]
He can tell us
about the traffic situation,
also since Centennial Park is...
They're all after me now.
He may be our only view
of the park for a while.
[male reporter]
We'll be checking back.
Right now we're gonna
throw it back to...
- NBC Newsand Tom Brokaw.
- [Richard panting]
The speculation is that the FBI
is close to "making the case,"
in their language.
They probably have enough
to arrest him right now,
probably enough
to prosecute him,
but you always wanna have
enough to convict him as well.
There are still some holes
in this case.
Why did Tom Brokaw
say that about you?
[male reporter]
That was Tom Brokaw
with the latest update on
the Centennial Park bombing.
[phone continues ringing]
[female reporter]
When we come back
[tearfully] I don't know.
[indistinct chatter]
- [reporter 1] Hey, who's this?
- [reporter 2] I don't know.
[reporter 3] I don't know
who this guy is.
Come with me. Let's get him,
let's get him.
Sir? Sir? Sir?
Who are you, sir?
Are you Richard's friend?
Who are you here to see?
Are you a friend of Richard's?
- Why are you here?
- Who are you?
[Watson] I'm a friend
of Richard's.
[reporters clamoring]
Can you give us some insight?
Did you help him set that bomb?
What's your name?
Tell us anything at all.
Are you a family member?
[Watson] I'm a friend
of Richard's.
[knock at door]
[muffled clamoring]
[Watson] Hey.
- Hey.
- Shit show out there.
- [clamoring continues]
- [phone ringing]
You got that $100 you owe me?
Oh, you must be Mom.
How are you? I'm Watson.
I'm so sorry
the world has gone insane.
[phone continues ringing]
Ah, that's annoying.
Let's get rid of that,
shall we? Uh...
It's kind of like a drill
in your ear.
For the next little while,
the only person
you need to talk to is me.
He does not open his mouth again
if there's a cop present,
or an FBI agent, or someone
from GBI, or a crossing guard.
Is that clear?
I was raised
to respect authority, sir.
Son, authority's
what's outside that window
looking to eat you alive.
How about a beer?
[Richard clicks tongue] Oh...
Yeah. Yeah, sorry.
Let me grab you something.
No, no. Thanks, Radar.
Yeah.
I'm gonna need to be alone
with your son.
I hate to be rude,
but if there's a third party,
there's no privilege.
Oh.
Yeah, third party, then they can
compel anything we say.
No.
Very nice to meet you.
Sorry to be rude, Bobi. Thanks.
You belong to any
extremist groups, Richard?
No, I hate all that stuff.
Any anti-government
affiliations or...?
No.
Any of your friends affiliated
with any fringe organizations?
No, no, I do not believe so.
Religious cults?
Not unless being a Baptist
is a religious cult.
NRA?
Is the NRA a fringe group?
You ever hung out with any
Ku Klux Klan members?
If I did, it wouldn't have
been on purpose.
You contacted any other
lawyers about this book deal?
- No. You're the only one.
- Mmm-hmm.
Richard, this is
a capital crime here.
This is the death penalty.
I can help you,
but only if I know the truth.
Did you do this?
No.
Are you asking if I did it?
I'm asking you
if you had any part
of the Centennial bombing, yes.
So, if you had anything
to do with this,
had any part in this
I didn't
[scoffs] I did not plant that
bomb in Centennial Park
and I made the mistake
of assuming you knew that.
All right, well, let's beat
the hell out of these bastards.
- Okay?
- [bottles clink]
[reporters start clamoring]
[male reporter]
Are you his attorney?
[camera shutters clicking]
What is your relationship
with Richard Jewell?
[Watson] I think the FBI
would be derelict
not to investigate
Richard Jewell.
They're just doing their jobs.
[reporter] When are you
meeting with him again?
[Watson] No, they're just
doing their job.
They're just making sure
no rock is unturned.
[reporter] Are you gonna
meet with him again soon?
Excuse me.
Yes. I've been friends
with Richard for 10 years.
- [reporter] Are you his lawyer?
- I am.
[reporter] Did he set that bomb?
[reporter 2] What is your name?
[reporter 3]
You'll be defending him?
[Watson] Possibly.
[clears throat]
[Kathy] Not quite real
estate law, is it, Mr. Bryant?
Whoa! Jesus Christ!
Who the hell are you?
I could be the best friend
you'll ever have.
Kathy Scruggs.AJC.
[sighs] Of course you are.
- Listen...
- Get out.
Have you secured an actual
defense attorney
for Richard yet?
- No comment.
- [groans]
Get out of the car.
See, "no comment"
doesn't help me,
which means I can't help you.
Is that what you wanna do?
You wanna help me?
Watson, I don't
get the sense you
grasp the tank that's
about to roll over you.
We're talking about
the U.S. government here
investigating a terrorism act.
You need me.
Okay, listen, crazy lady,
you want me to call the cops?
[laughs] Oh, please do.
The cops love me.
I tell their stories all day.
Let me tell yours.
- [scoffing]
- I'm just gonna ask
a couple questions that'll
help you tell your story.
- And you need me to help...
- Get out. Get out of my...
- You got some balls, man.
- Yes, I do.
Get out.
Come on. I'll just ask you
a few questions.
- Get out.
- We can go together.
Come on. I'll get my notepad.
Get the fuck out of my car now!
Get out of my car!
I'm sick of this shit.
You know where to find me.
- Yeah. Don't worry.
- Never been on TV before.
You'll be fine.
Mr. Jewell's attorney,
Mr. Bryant.
- Thanks for coming in.
- You're welcome.
What are the authorities
telling you
about their suspicions
about your client?
Uh, nothing.
No communication whatsoever?
Uh, all they've said
to me is that
they're not going to arrest him.
That's what
they told me yesterday.
You believe that?
No.
You think they are going
to arrest him?
I don't think they'd tell me
whether they were
or they weren't. That's all.
What do you think of the manner
in which the FBI
has treated your client
- pursuing this investigation?
- I think whoever the bum was
that leaked that Richard Jewell
was the focus
of this investigation,
he deserves to be prosecuted
or dealt with
in some serious way.
I don't think
that this investigation
should be conducted
under world spotlight,
if you will, like this.
What's your client told you
about this cabin
that's being searched today?
It's his former residence,
as I understand it.
You need
to understand something.
I have barely had the time
to take a breath in this case
since it started
the other night.
We have been reacting
to the media, to the FBI,
and I have not sat down
and conducted
an in-depth interview
about all these things that
y'all are asking me about.
Then why are you so convinced
of his innocence?
Because I've known Richard
for a while.
I've looked him in the eye and
I've asked him the question.
But you've admitted to me,
you didn't even know
he had a cabin.
You didn't know
about this prior arrest.
about the prior misdemeanors.
There's a whole lot of priors
you didn't know about.
I have not conducted
a thorough investigation
- into Richard's history.
- No, I understand all that.
I guess what I'm asking you is
considering that
you haven't done that,
and considering there are
things that you didn't know,
why are you so convinced
of his innocence?
Because I believe him.
Plain and simple?
Yeah. That's right.
I don't know
a whole lot of things
about a whole lot of people
that I know.
I don't have Richard's police
records. You may. I don't
I have not gotten up to speed
on some things. That's all.
But just because
I don't know these things
doesn't mean
that I don't have a feel
for where I think
Richard is in this case.
Were you aware that the
Habersham Sheriff's Department
had asked him to seek
psychological counseling?
I don't know that either.
But I know a lot of people
who ought to have
psychological counseling.
Watson Bryant,
I thank you very much.
See ya. Thank you.
Twenty-two past the hour.
We'll be right back.
[Bill Campbell on TV]
First of all,
we wanna reassure
the public that.
- Atlanta is a safe place...
- [phone ringing]
in spite of the tragedy
of last evening.
Hello?
[Watson on phone]
Were you arrested
for impersonating an officer?
Yeah, once.
- It was complicated.
- It was...
Were you planning on telling me?
Yeah, of course. I just...
In all the hoopla yesterday,
I guess I just forgot.
Jesus Christ! What the...
Was there anything else
that you forgot?
'Cause I just had
my ass handed to me
on the fuckingToday Show!
Thanks a lot.
[sighs]
[phone beeps]
More great news.
[sighs]
[announcer]The man
who would be king,
Michael Johnson, Waco, Texas,
attempting to do what no man
has ever done
in Olympic competition,
win both the 400 and 200 meters.
Go.
Flashbulbs flashing.
Ato Boldon away last.
Here's Frank Fredericks.
And here comes Michael Johnson.
About the right speed, I guess.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
They're approaching
the top of the straightaway.
Michael Johnson reaching deep.
[Watson] What are we clocking?
He has the lead.
Michael Johnson is
closing on the finish!
Michael Johnson running
for gold!
And into Olympic history!
He destroys his own record!
- Time.
- Six minutes.
Okay, we know the second
58.
From the pay phone
that was right here.
We also know that Richard
was inside the park
near the sound
and light tower at 12
57.
When Bill Miller
called the backpack in.
He would've had
to cover the distance in...
One minute.
So he couldn't have done it.
Could've ridden a bike, I guess.
There and back? No.
He really didn't do this.
No.
This kid's getting railroaded.
We're gonna help this guy.
[low indistinct chatter]
Holy...
You don't talk. I talk.
They're just gonna look around.
You got any guns in the house?
Yeah, we're in Georgia.
Yeah, of course you do.
Go get 'em.
Lay 'em on your bed
so we can see 'em.
We don't want any surprises.
How many of 'em
are coming in here?
Uh...
There's a couple.
Can they leave their shoes
outside the door?
Well, I could ask 'em, Bobi.
I don't know
if they would oblige.
- [gun cocks]
- [Bobi] Oh, God. [Sighs]
[Watson] Oh, good Lord.
Uh... [laughing]
Were you expecting a zombie
invasion or something?
No, I wasn't expecting zombies.
I expect deer. I hunt.
[Watson] You hunt? Okay.
Radar, let me explain
something to you.
All you're guilty of right now
is looking like the kinda guy
who might set off a bomb.
But everything you do
that promotes that image
is gonna hang us.
Sorry. Poor choice of words.
Those jackals out there,
they want your ass
on a chopping block.
Is there anything else
odd or quirky
or fucking weird
that I'm gonna discover today?
[exhales] Yeah, kinda.
I haven't
I haven't paid my taxes
in about... A couple years.
- Oh.
- This gets better and better.
[sighs] Guns, guns, guns.
I hate guns.
Every time Richard
goes huntin', I say,
"Don't you dare drag
a dead Bambi in here."
"I don't wanna eat Bambi."
But you know what?
Richard, when he was deputy
with the Habersham
County Sheriff's,
he got 98 out of 100
on his shootin' test.
It was awesome.
Mmm-hmm.
[clicks tongue] That's great.
[banging on door]
- Okay.
- Dear God.
You don't talk. I talk. Say it.
I don't talk.
But I want those guys
to know that
I'm law enforcement, too.
Just like them.
See, right there?
That's talking.
That's what we don't want, okay?
You picked the right lawyer,
Richard.
- [loud knocking on door]
- [Watson] Ugh. [Sighs]
We all set?
- [Watson] Yeah.
- All right, let's go. Come on.
Let's start in the back.
Bring it in. Let's go.
By the numbers, everybody.
By the numbers.
Hold on.
Oh... Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, so, you guys go ahead
and take everything.
Take the carpet,
whatever you need.
I'm law enforcement, too,
so I get it.
Just know
that whatever you take,
it's just gonna prove
that I didn't do anything.
Yeah, we've done this before.
You'll be counsel, Mr. Bryant?
That's the plan, yeah.
All right, well,
if you're gonna stay here,
you're gonna have to
put these on.
Yeah, let's go.
Gloves and booties.
[Dan] Yeah.
You heard the man.
Booties and gloves.
[indistinct chatter]
[whispering] Watson, they're
emptying my Tupperware.
All right, let's play ball
right now.
We'll get it back.
If y'all need help
finding anything,
feel free to ask one of us.
We can help.
[whispers] Just trying to help.
[agent] It's in there.
You ever read that book?
Got a lot in it
about police procedure.
It's a good one.
It's kinda controversial.
It's a good book.
Oh, uh
I can help you with that.
I babysit with those.
You know what? Actually,
it might be easier if you guys
just waited outside
- while we did our jobs.
- Good idea.
- Yeah, let's do that.
- Thank you.
[Watson] Let's do that, Richard.
Let's get the hell out of here.
[Tom] Thank you.
Johnson, Rosario, anything?
[indistinct chatter]
What was the agreement?
That I wouldn't talk. Yup.
Yeah, what'd you do?
I talked.
They wanna fry you.
You understand that?
You know that, right?
Everyone here wants to fry you.
You're a little piece of bacon.
[Richard] Well,
on a lighter note,
you never did tell me
the name of the firm
you moved to and whatnot.
I opened my own.
What made you do
something like that?
Firms mean partners,
and partners think
they can tell you who to be.
I don't care much
for being dictated to.
[Bobi] Hey! You have no right.
- Come back here.
- Mama, what's wrong?
They went through
my underthings.
How much indignity
do they want us to take?
[Watson] All right, Bobi.
Hey, hold on, fellas. Excuse me.
- Mama, hey...
- [reporters clamoring]
[Watson] Bobi.
Excuse me, fellas.
Bobi. Excuse me.
[female reporter]
What did they take from you?
[Watson] Hold on now. Hold on.
Bobi, let me take care
of it for you.
Can I take care of it for you?
I'm gonna go get 'em.
I'm gonna go get 'em. Excuse me.
[female reporter]
What can you share with us?
They found
some really dangerous
pantyhose, apparently.
- [male reporter] Seriously?
- Yeah.
[Tom] Richard.
Come here for a sec.
I wanna talk to you.
- Come on inside.
- Yes, sir.
What can I help with?
Just come on inside.
Just for a second.
What did they pull out
of the house?
Did he do it, Watson?
No, he did not.
Richard Jewell is
an innocent man. He's a hero.
If he's innocent,
then why is the FBI here?
[sighs] We welcome the FBI.
We're glad they're here.
No, you don't.
You know that's not true, Kathy.
Can I see those boxes, please?
All right, here's what
we're gonna do.
I'm gonna hand you this phone...
[dialing on phone]
And when I do,
you're gonna wait till the beep
and then you're gonna
say into it,
"There's a bomb
in Centennial Park.
You have 30 minutes."
[stammers]
I'm sorry. Why?
We need a voice exemplar.
Like you to say it a few times.
"There's a bomb
in Centennial Park.
You have 30 minutes."
It might be the only way
to clear your name.
I do wanna help y'all.
I'm law enforcement, too.
Well, yeah.
Then you should know how
evidentiary this is, right?
So, "There's a bomb
in Centennial Park."
- "You have 30 minutes."
- [line ringing]
"30 minutes." Okay.
[breathing nervously]
- After the beep?
- Yeah.
- [Dan] Mmm-hmm.
- [line beeps]
There is a bomb
in Centennial Park.
You have 30 minutes.
Okay, one more time.
Just a little louder.
There is a bomb
in Centennial Park.
You have 30 minutes.
Okay, that's great.
Can you do it one more time?
Maybe let's do a series.
We'll do a couple in a row.
[Richard] All right.
There is a bomb
in Centennial Park.
You have 30 minutes.
There is a bomb
in Centennial Park.
You have 30 minutes.
There is a bomb
in Centennial Park.
You have 30 minutes.
There is a bomb
in Centennial Park.
You have 30 minutes.
There is a bomb
in Centennial Park.
Are you fucking kidding me?
No, no, you don't talk to him.
[Richard] It's standard
procedure, they said.
[Watson] No, hell it is.
- In Russia.
- Mr. Bryant, listen.
Your client volunteered this.
Oh, bullshit. Maybe you can
do this. Maybe you can't.
You're not doing it today.
Let's go, Richard.
- Let's go.
- [Richard] I told them
I'm doing it
if it helps clear my name.
- Let's go! Not today.
- Your client agreed to this.
I'm gonna sue your ass
- for intentional violation...
- [Tom] Okay.
Of his constitutional rights.
[Tom] Okay.
I'm having
all this shit excluded.
You guys are full of shit.
Let's go.
[Dan] We got it.
[camera shutters clicking]
Have a good night.
[Bobi] What do they want
with the vacuum cleaner?
All right. We're done here.
[groaning]
Richard?
I'm fine. Yeah, I'm fine.
What's wrong?
Let's get you inside.
Dave, can you get her
something to drink?
- Maybe some water?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure.
What's going on?
[exhales]
It's nothing.
I'm fine.
They took all my Tupperware.
What would they need
with my Tupperware?
The bomber used Tupperware
to hold the nails.
That's standard.
Well, what does that
have to do with you?
And they took
my babysittin' tapes.
My Disney movies.
Yeah, I think they did that
because they wanted to see
if we might've recorded
something on the tapes,
like a political statement
or something.
Why do you keep
defending these people?
I'm not defending.
I'm just explaining.
- Well, stop it!
- [knocking at door]
- Hey, there she is. Hey.
- Hi.
- How you doin'?
- Hello.
This is Nadya. She's, uh...
She tells me what to do.
Here. Let me take that.
That's very nice of you.
I thought you might
want some dinner.
Bless your heart.
- Thank you.
- [Nadya] Of course.
Hi, I'm Richard.
What did I tell you
about talking, Rich?
[Nadya] Oh.
Oh, God, yeah.
I guess I can't talk anymore.
[all chuckle]
[reporters clamoring]
Come on, Richard,
you can't hide anymore.
Richard, one question.
That's all.
Did you do it?
Richard, how many bombs
have you made?
What did the FBI take out
of your house, Richard?
[typerwriters clacking]
[TV playing indistinctly]
[phone rings]
[camera shutters clicking]
Hand grenade?
What do you got
a hand grenade for?
Yeah, it's hollowed out.
It's a paperweight.
I bought it from
a military surplus store.
- Yeah.
- But it's nothing.
Christ, of course you did.
Piece of the bench?
Splintered piece of...
What does that mean?
What is that?
[Richard]Yeah, I took
a small piece of the bench
from the crime scene.
[Watson] From where
the bomb was?
[Richard] It's a souvenir.
A memento.
[Watson] What'd you do that for?
I think it was
a pretty memorable night
where I did something
pretty great.
So, I thought maybe
that was worth holding on to.
Wow. Okay.
Nice.
[knock on door]
- Hey.
They want your hair now,
and your palm prints.
[sighs] Good times.
Come in.
25 pulled, 25 collected.
I tell you, you might have
a warrant for this,
but if you were
to do this to me,
you'd have to fight me.
[laughing] Oh!
You'd have to beat
the shit outta me!
Not very lawyerly of you,
counselor.
Yeah, well...
Can we just get this over with
before my mama comes back?
I'd like her not to see this.
[TV playing indistinctly]
[TV stops playing]
Tell me, Richard,
you still proud
to be law enforcement?
You know what? Maybe if I did
my job a little better,
and got people far enough away,
then I wouldn't be
sittin' here right now.
[Watson sighs]
Yeah, he's a real monster.
Boy, you guys nailed it.
Have you dummies
done the math yet
on the call from the pay phone?
Hey, listen,
fuck the pay phone! Okay?
My clients were the people
in the park that night
that didn't deserve to get
their fuckin' heads blown off.
You know, I actually
feel sorry for you guys.
When the real bomber
does it again,
and the country asks,
"Where was the FBI?"
You're gonna say, "We were busy
getting hair samples
from Richard Jewell."
- I'm done here.
- All set? Great.
[Watson] Oh, good.
Well, Richard,
thank you very much
for your professional
consideration.
You know, [taps table]
cop to cop.
[Watson] "We're the FBI."
I got your cop to cop.
Right here.
- [Tom] Mmm-hmm.
- There's the door.
[Tom] Found it. Thank you.
Richard, we need
to be a little less, uh
solicitous and a little more
righteous with these assjacks.
I mean, it's just hairs.
They'll grow back. It's fine.
What'd you say?
They're just hairs.
They'll grow back.
They're just hair. Hey!
Why doesn't this shit make you
as angry as it makes me?
I am angry.
You could have fooled me.
[scoffing] You're angry?
'Course I am.
I don't know if "angry"
is even a big enough word
for how I feel.
Come on.
Then stop being such a doormat.
Stop trying to be
their best friend.
You know, they're making
fun of you out there. You know
- what they're calling you?
- I know that!
I know what it means
when he says "cop to cop."
He doesn't mean cop to cop.
He thinks
I'm the Pillsbury Doughboy.
Do ya? Could have fooled me.
I thought you guys
were gonna get engaged.
Hey! Richard!
You go for a cookie right now,
I'm gonna chop off your hands
and shove 'em up your ass!
Try eating a cookie then,
fucker.
[breathing heavily]
Why'd you wanna represent me
and be my lawyer?
Hey, you looked like
you needed some help.
You look like you might've
needed money from a book deal.
Well, let me ask you,
why'd you pick me?
There's a lot of lawyers
in the phone book.
What'd you pick me for?
I picked you because
you were the only one
at the U.S. Small Business
Admin bureau
who didn't treat me like
a 5-year-old, and call me
"bag of snacks" and "blimp,"
"Michelin Man,"
and "Pillsbury Doughboy."
You're the only one
who treated me
like a human being!
And now you're just
yelling at me,
telling me to be somebody
that I'm not!
I don't know how to be that guy!
You're that guy! I'm me!
[banging on door]
What?
[door closes]
[mouthing silently]
[softly] I don't know
what you're talking about.
[whispers] Oh, my Lord.
How can they do that?
It's easy,
because you don't matter.
That's how come.
[singer singing in slow motion
in distance]
[Richard] We need to go!
Move!
You guys gotta go!
We need to evacuate!
[singing continues]
[bomb ticking]
[ticking louder]
[ticking and whirring]
[yelling]
[gasping]
Oh. Oh.
[panting]
Oh. [Groans]
[indistinct TV chatter]
Mr. Dutchess.
You got a minute?
I got that.
There you go.
- Can I finish my food?
- Nope. Mmm.
Hmm, that's good.
[Dave] They've decided
that since
you can't have placed
the 911 call yourself,
that you must've had a partner.
They think your partner must
be your homosexual boyfriend,
which they decided
is probably me.
[Watson snorts]
What?
They asked me to wear a wire.
[Richard scoffs]
I told them to shove it.
I said you were a hero.
And they said,
"Well, if he really is a hero,
then he's got nothing
to worry about
and neither do you."
They also told me that, uh,
one of your GBI buddies,
you know,
the one you made lasagne for
when he came over...
Yeah, Miller.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
He was wearing a wire, too.
He's got a lot on you.
[Richard sighs]
[clears throat] There's, uh,
one other thing. Um...
They asked me if I'd ever had
any experience with pipe bombs
and I had to tell them
the truth.
You know, the little ones.
We used to drop them down
gopher holes when I was a kid
- in West Virginia.
- [sighs] David... Lord.
I told them this was years
before I even met Richard.
I told them a couple times.
Still.
I'm sorry.
It's... [sighs]
It...
It's okay. Yeah.
[sniffs] Yep.
[clears throat] It's okay.
I did what was...
[unmutes TV]
[explosions on TV]
Hey. Hey, turn...
Come on! What are you doing?
We can't be watching movies
with bombs and explosions
when they're listening.
[Bobi inhales sharply]
[Richard] Come...
[Bobi stifles sob]
Y'all
I'm... I'm trying to do
the right thing.
Right?
Guys... Are they not listening?
[stifled sob]
[Bobi sobbing]
Hey, Mama, I'm sorry.
Mama, I'm sorry.
Please? [Lightly knocks on door]
Mama, come on out.
We can watch
whatever you wanna watch.
- [Bobi continues sobbing]
- Uh, I don't mind.
Mama, please [sighs]
I won't say nothing
about anything.
- Just come on out.
- [sobbing continues]
Mama, I'm sorry. I'm...
Please?
Mama, please?
[continues sobbing]
[softly] I know.
- I'm scared, Richard.
- I'm.
I'm right there with you.
It's all right.
[sniffling]
I don't know how to protect
you from these people.
Hey, you know...
You know what?
You don't have to protect me.
I do the protecting. I do.
Yep.
Come on. Come on out.
You just sit down. You watch
whatever you wanna watch.
I don't care.
And I'm sorry I yelled.
Yeah, she's had about,
mmm, three days
to be proud of her son,
and then taken away from her.
Yep. That ain't right.
I'm sorry, Richard.
Hey.
You ready to start
fighting back?
Yeah.
[camera shutters clicking]
[car horn beeping]
[reporters clamoring]
Richard!
Are you here
to turn yourself in?
Don't see why we can't
just let the FBI do this.
Uh, you trust them
with the results?
You're in good hands here.
Just breathe.
Richard, whose idea was it for
you to take a polygraph test?
Watson's.
How do you think
you'll do on it?
Fine.
[polygraph whirring]
Do you know who put that bomb
in Olympic Park?
[inhales sharply]
No, I do not know who planted
the bomb in Centennial Park.
Hey, maybe we better talk...
Nah. He passed.
Highest level.
No deception indicated.
- Oh, Jesus Christ.
- [Nadya chuckles]
- Oh, my God.
- [Rackleff chuckles]
Thanks, man. Hey.
Thank you.
Hey. Look at you, huh?
You did it, man.
[Richard] Yeah, we did it.
[Watson] You did it. You did it.
[Bill Clinton]
We must be firm in this.
We cannot be intimidated
by acts of terror.
I want to thank
the brave security personnel.
[Kathy laughing]
[Ron] Cocaine use is up
from women in their sixties.
[Kathy] Yeah?
- [Ron] Yeah. Look at that.
- [Kathy] Lucky them.
[both laughing]
Holy shit, it's Jewell.
[Watson] Is that Kathy Scruggs?
Hey.
Is this what it's like
behind the curtain?
- Richard Jewell here.
- Hello.
We're just about to
go demand a retraction.
Then we're gonna go get
a hamburger. You wanna come?
- Is that right?
- Yeah.
This is, I mean,
this is, like,
top-rate science fiction.
"Bomb suspect sought limelight."
Are you kidding me?
Who the hell
do you think you are?
Mr. Bryant, what I do is
I report the facts.
You lead the public,
is what you do.
I report the facts.
The facts?
[Kathy] That's right.
That's what I do.
- You ignorant...
- Excuse me?
- Arrogant, ambitious...
- How did you get this job?
- [chuckles]
- How'd I get this job?
- [Watson] Yeah.
Mr. Bryant, if you have
an issue, you can take it up
with the FBI
for investigating your client.
[Watson] Oh, bullshit.
It has nothing to do with me.
All right?
What I do is, I hear the facts,
I report them.
That is my responsibility.
The facts?
What about the truth, huh?
My guiding principle
is to report the facts.
[Watson]
What fucking principles?
This isn't a principle
standing next to me.
Fuck your principle.
This man's name
is Richard Jewell.
He's a hero. He saved lives.
You're unbelievable,
just coming in here.
I'm unbelievable?
Do you have any idea
what kinda wildfire you started?
You've ruined this man's life.
- Maybe you owe him an apology.
- [Kathy] Listen...
[Watson] How about that?
Mr... Mr. Jewell, I...
You know, you are a... What?
I said I'm sorry
for what you and your mother
have gone through.
Oh, you are a miserable excuse
for a journalist.
- You're a parasite.
- You know what...
[Watson] Anything to sell a
goddamn paper, you know that?
[Kathy] Why don't you go chase
another ambulance?
Kiss my ass.
[Kathy chuckles]
- He's out of order.
- Y'all can go back to work.
There's nothing really
to watch here.
You can just keep
doing your jobs.
[both scoff]
Wow.
He didn't do it.
Oh, fuck.
You got a lot of fucking nerve
sitting here.
[sighs] Jewell couldn't
have made the call.
The math is wrong.
I covered the distance
from the site to the phones.
There's no way he would
have made it in time.
Yeah, we know.
You know?
He had an accomplice.
An accomplice?
Sure. Why not?
What about
the lone bomber profile?
The wannabe cop?
With an accomplice?
Well, first of all,
profiles are always
just a jumping-off point.
Oklahoma City had two bombers,
if you remember.
Okay, so who did it? Who is it?
Like I'm gonna tell you
after the way you burned me.
Fine.
I'll just write
that the case against Jewell
is starting to weaken.
Bad facts, et cetera.
See how that goes.
You know what? I'm not sure
where you get this idea
that I work for you,
or that we work together.
[scoffs] I don't even know why
I'm fucking talking to you.
I know why. And you need me
just as much as I need you.
You know what, sweetheart?
I don't need you a goddamn bit.
[Kathy] Can I have one more,
please?
- Next to me is Bobi Jewell...
- [camera shutters clicking]
mother of Richard Jewell.
By some savage twist of fate,
Richard Jewell
has been wrongfully
and falsely accused
of murder and mayhem.
Her son's accusers
are two of the most powerful
forces in the world today.
The United States government
and the media.
For the past four weeks,
these horrific forces
have combined
to make her daily existence
a living hell.
As I speak,
they continue to crush
the very life out of her
and her only son.
I introduce Barbara Jewell,
the 113th victim
of the Centennial bombing.
[Bobi clears throat]
My name is Barbara Jewell.
I am employed
as a claims coordinator
with a local insurance agency,
and I have worked there
for 13 years.
Approximately four weeks ago,
over 100 people were injured
and two people lost their lives
as a result
of the Olympic Park bombing.
My heart goes out to these
victims and their families.
I am so very drained.
I hope and pray to God
that nobody ever has to
go through this again.
I do not think any of you
can even begin to imagine
what our lives are like.
The media has portrayed my son
as the person
who has committed this crime.
They have taken
all privacy from us.
They have taken all peace.
They watch and photograph
everything we do.
Like the media,
the FBI follows his every move
and watches my home constantly.
And why?
[voice breaks] My son...
My son is innocent.
Richard is not
the Olympic Park bomber.
Richard is not a murderer.
He saved people's lives.
Please hear me, Mr. President,
and help me.
You have the power
to end this nightmare.
My son is a hero.
I think the FBI
knows that by now.
If they do not intend
to charge my son,
please tell us.
Please tell the world.
Mr. President.
[crying]
Please clear my son's name.
- [Watson, softly] Okay.
- [Bobi sniffles]
[continues crying]
You did good.
[Bobi] Richard.
[Richard whimpers]
Oh, Mama.
Oh, thank you for doing that.
[shuddering]
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry I cried.
I... I didn't mean to cry.
No, you did real good.
You did better than good.
You ready?
Let's go show them who you are.
Oh, God.
I'm so glad that's over.
You did good.
[quietly] All right.
[phone ringing]
Gentlemen, please have a seat.
We'll be right with you.
[Richard sighs]
[exhales]
All right, let me tell you
how it's gonna go.
They're gonna ask to see me
first, set the ground rules.
I wanna make sure
they know I'm not gay.
Richard, I think
we got bigger fish to fry,
but, uh, you'll get the chance
to tell them that.
I'm sure.
Agent Shaw.
Dare you to see
if he's got any Snickers.
Kinda hungry.
[Richard sighs]
You know what a 1001 is, Radar?
Yes, sir.
It's lying to a federal agent.
It's a felony.
You say anything in there
that isn't true,
they can put you in jail
without ever proving
you're a bomber.
Hey.
You don't know what to say,
you say nothing.
You ask for a five-minute break,
you consult with me.
You do not improvise.
You got that?
Yes, sir.
So if you don't know
what to say, what do you do?
- I don't say a damn thing.
- That's right.
Mr. Bryant?
[sighs heavily]
[phone rings]
Can I help you?
I was taking a look.
[sighs]
How do you guys
wanna handle this?
[Tom] Well, we're gonna ask you
some questions,
and you're gonna
give us some answers.
How's that sound?
Okay.
Sounds good.
I'll go get him.
Hey, you ready, boyo?
Yeah.
I think so. Yeah.
No, I mean ready.
Look at these guys
not as suspect to agent,
but as cop to cop.
Don't give them any more
deference than they're due.
And don't keep
calling them "sir."
Yeah, well, they're still
the United States government.
No, they aren't
They're just three pricks
who work for
the United States government.
You understand the difference?
Nobody in that room
is a better man than you.
You understand?
Come on.
You'll be fine.
[whispers] That's it.
Sit right there.
[Richard] Right here?
[Watson] Yeah.
[Watson clears throat]
Thank you for joining us.
Uh, Mr. Jewell,
we've got a few questions,
regarding the events
of July 27th, 1996,
as you probably know.
Specifically the bombing
in Centennial Park.
Mr. Jewell,
you ever find yourself
accessing a Internet site
called Candyman's Candy land
regarding the contents
ofThe Anarchist Cookbook?
No, I have not.
But you do have police training
in handling explosives?
Asked and answered.
Did you ever collect
any pieces of pipe
from, uh, the construction
of Centennial Park?
No, I did not.
Do you remember telling
anybody at the park, uh,
"Take my picture now,
because pretty soon
I'm gonna be famous"?
No, sir.
[Tom] Really?
You sure about that?
100%.
How about, did you say,
"I'm on my way to Atlanta.
It's gonna be a mess out there"?
[sighs] I was referring
to the traffic jams.
Mr. Jewell,
why specifically did
you want to be stationed
at that sound and light tower?
I just liked
listening to the music,
and, the night before,
I got to bring my mama down.
We got to listen
to Kenny Rogers.
She liked that.
That was nice.
And I guess I also get
a nice vantage point
to take a look at
all the pretty girls.
I am not a homosexual.
And neither is David Dutchess.
So you and David Dutchess
are not lovers?
Asked and answered.
Mr. Jewell, you said before
that in your comings
and goings back and forth
from the stage to the tower
that you couldn't get, uh,
an exact fix on the time.
Is that correct?
[hesitates]
Yes, but when you have the runs,
which I did, excuse me,
you're not thinking
about what time it is.
You're just trying to
[chuckles]
Crab-walk to a bathroom,
you know?
So you don't remember
the exact time
that you saw the drunks
throwing the beer cans
against the tower?
Right?
No.
You don't remember
the exact time
you first saw the backpack?
That's correct.
You ever seen a backpack
like that before, Mr. Jewell?
Yeah, I suppose so. Yeah.
You ever see that specific
backpack before, Mr. Jewell?
Asked and answered.
Can we move on?
Mr. Jewell,
did you conspire with
David Dutchess or anybody else
to plant a bomb
in Centennial Park?
[people screaming]
[women crying]
[panicked shouting]
No.
[Tom] Then how the fuck
did you know
to be on the other side
of that AT&T tower
where you knew you'd be
protected from the blast?
A bomb went off right
where you were stationed.
Chaos erupts.
Bodies hit the ground.
Cops go flying.
Hell, I was one of them.
You come out
without a goddamn scratch.
How does that happen, Richard?
[inhales, scoffs softly]
Can I ask all you fellas
a question?
Jesus. What?
Do you have any kind
of case against me?
[Tom scoffs]
I mean evidence.
Like, any traces of anything
on my mama's Tupperware?
Or did you find
any bomb-making materials
in her apartment?
Or did you find some...
Okay. Hey, hey.
Richard, we don't
need to volunteer...
No. I'm gonna say this
if I'm gonna say anything.
I walk in here and I look at
the circle decal
on your windows there,
and I'm thinking...
You know, I used to think
that federal law enforcement
was just about
the highest calling
a person could aspire to.
And I'm not sure I think
that anymore, you know?
Not after all this.
I did my job that night,
and some people are alive
because of that.
But do you think
that the next time
some security guard
sees a suspicious package,
that he or she's
gonna call it in?
I doubt it.
You know? 'Cause
they're gonna look at that
and they're gonna think,
"I don't wanna be
another Richard Jewell.
So I'm just gonna run."
How's that make
anybody any safer?
Y'all can keep following
me around some more
doing what you're doing.
I can stand it.
But I just know that
every second you spend on me
is time that you're not spending
on the real guy who did it,
and it's like Watson said.
What...
What happens when he... [sighs]
What happens when
he does it again?
[chuckles]
So, do you have anything
you wanna charge me with?
[Tom sighs quietly]
Can you?
[sighs]
Well.
I think it's time to go.
How'd he do?
He did great.
[chuckles] God.
[Richard] Yeah.
Go on.
- [Watson] Hey.
- Gentlemen.
[Watson] Agent Shaw.
Got something for ya.
[Watson] What's this?
Marriage proposal.
[Watson] Oh.
My lucky day.
Uh...
Okay.
Well, this is a good start.
When's the press conference?
I'm assuming
you'll be announcing
to all the news outlets,
Tom Brokaw and the like.
Mr. Bryant,
let me be perfectly clear.
I still think
your client is guilty as hell.
Hmm?
Have a nice day.
Well, you're entitled
to your opinion.
[Richard] "This is to advise you
that based on the evidence..."
[Watson] It's over.
Is it... Is it really over,
or is this just another
one of their things?
You won. It's over.
[chuckles lightly]
[chuckles softly]
You did good.
[gulps]
Oh, I wanna see... [sniffs]
I wanna see Mama.
You wanna see your mama?
[Richard] Yeah.
[Watson] We can do that.
[chuckles, sniffs]
[taps on paper] that's real?
That's what it says.
"Not considered a target
in the federal
criminal investigation
of the bombing of
July 27th, 1996,
Centennial Park."
Hey.
[Watson] Hey.
[breathes shakily]
- Hey.
- [faintly] Hey.
Thank you.
[Watson] You got it.
[Richard, faintly] Thank you.
Hey.
[sobbing quietly]
[Watson, softly] Hey.
[knock on door]
[Bobi gasps]
- [door opens]
- [phone rings]
Hello, Watson Bryant.
[Watson] Hey.
What can I do you for?
How are you? How's, uh...
My God, how's Nadya?
[Watson] They found him,
Richard.
Found who?
Eric Rudolph.
He confessed to the bombing
at Centennial Park.
You know when
he's being arraigned?
I don't know.
- Can you find out for me?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Look at you.
[taps counter]